Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- Michael. you don't know how
good it is to hear your voice.
- Celess. I. I heard about
what happened to Tina
and I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that what happened to her
didn't happen to you too.
I mean. don't you think y'all deserve
to be burning in hell together?
Matter of fact. why don't you dig a hole
next to where she's buried
and throw yourself in.
I'll cover it myself. and
feel good about it too.
You know that shit you learned
about sticks and stones
may break your bones.
but words will never hurt you?
That's a motherfucking lie.
Khalil couldn't kill me
with a Smith and Wesson.
but Michael did with his words.
Well. I can't put it all on
Michael. it started at home.
God made you a boy.
I always knew I was different.
Weirdo ass niggas.
- And my best
friend Tina knew I was too.
- Be true to yourself. whoever
don't like that fuck them
with both of our dicks.
- From then on it was me
and her against the world.
and we were up to.
Tina got married to
Derrek. and O came out.
I'm with it.
And accepted me for who I was.
Shit was good until it wasn't.
O got killed.
and I had to start over from scratch.
That's when I bumped into Michael.
an architect who wanted
to build a life with me.
but that couldn't happen
without a sturdy foundation.
I decided to tell him the truth about me.
The truth is I was born a boy
and I do have male body parts.
And was lucky. all he did was leave.
I was heartbroken. feeling hopeless.
until my bitch surprised
me with a house in LA.
She wanted me to be close to her
and far from the drama in Atlanta.
but not before we spent
one last New Year's there.
but be careful when you
say one last anything.
'cause it really could be your last.
Tina.
My love. I'm not Tina.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
but like I told you before.
your friend is gone.
Fuck you. don't tell me Tina's gone
when she's standing right there.
Where's my sis. where did she go?
My love. please calm down.
What are y'all trying to do to me?
Why am I strapped to this bed?
- Just calm down. I'm
gonna get the doctor.
- Where's my sis?
Tina!
I'm right here sis.
Tina these people got me fucked up.
- Let these people do they
job to save your life.
If you keep this up. you gonna
end up dead. or worse. 302'd.
and who the hell gonna keep my name alive
if any of that shit happens.
Now I need you to live
for me. can you do that?
Promise me you'll live for me. promise me.
I promise.
Make sure your fingers ain't crossed
tighter than your pussy hole.
Ms. Mitchell. you've had a seizure.
I need you to stay calm.
we really don't want
you to have another one.
- I went into
the hospital broken.
but I came out fixed
and I mean. fixed fixed.
Turns out my nurse was trans too.
she's the one who convinced me
to get sexual reassignment surgery.
She said it took for
her to fully transition
to be able to live a normal life.
She ended up marrying a good
guy and even adopted kids.
The picture she painted in my mind
was all I needed to make the decision.
I bought you this.
So these are the dilators that
the doctor told you about.
start small and work your way
up daily for 10 minutes each.
So for a whole year straight.
I'm supposed to masturbate
for 40 damn minutes?
- Girl. unless you got a man
penetrating you on a regular.
that hole will not stay open by itself.
What's that like?
Ooh. well. for me not so regular lately
with me doing 14 hour shifts.
but having a constant partner.
and. you know. choosing
to go stealth period.
it feels exactly what you
want it to feel like. freedom.
You still feel good about
your decision. right?
Because it's normal to go back and forth.
I just wish me and Tina
would've both gone
stealth a long time ago.
then maybe she'd still be alive. you know?
- Well. I understand. but try
not to think of the what-ifs
'cause it can drive you insane.
Besides you told me yourself before
that Tina was loved just the way she was.
True.
And to be honest.
I'm just glad I got a chance
to experience real love.
even if it was for a
short period of time sis.
I'd rather that than two
lifetimes without it.
- So you should stop
feeling sorry for her.
- You can hear her?
- Who?
- Tina. she was just. you
didn't. you didn't hear her?
- You. you didn't see her?
- No.
- I thought that's why you said-
You know what. Celess.
you probably still heavily medicated.
why don't you get some rest?
I'll clean this up for you.
and you know. I can always
let myself out. okay?
So get some rest.
So keep this and I'll clean
this up for you. okay?
You gotta sell this house. sis.
Tina. what is happening?
Am I losing my mind? Am I dreaming?
I'm dead. ain't I?
You ain't dead. drama queen.
If I'm dead sis. just say that.
- You're depressed. and
it's because of this house.
Every time you look at the
front door. you start crying.
You can't stay anymore. Celess.
it's not healthy for you.
Now put this house on the market.
along with that new body of yours.
and get back outside bitch.
it's still hunting season.
Your total will be $36.421 and 19 cents.
Okay.
- You can keep it.
- Thank you.
- Are you a model?
- No.
- An actress?
- No. why?
- Because you're the first
girl I've seen come in here
who looks like me
and run up digits like these
without a nigga's
permission or supervision.
and to be straight up with you.
I'm trying to be down.
So if you don't mind me
asking. what do you do?
- You want the truth?
- Even if it hurts.
- Truth was I wasn't
doing shit at the moment
but living off the money I
got from selling my house.
but the hunger in this girl's eyes
reminded me of what I needed to be doing.
I run G on niggas.
Hungry. nah.
- You need a partner?
- This bitch was starving.
I had an idea.
How about this. when you
quit your day job. DM me.
- I'm sorry baby. I'm gonna
have someone else ring you up.
I don't work here anymore.
- Well. wait a minute.
can I get the DM too?
Hey check your DM.
Persistent. you cute and crazy as fuck.
Hell. you do fit the job
description. Come on.
My first day out in over a year.
and instantly I meet
my motherfucking match.
- I'm Si Si by the way.
- Celess.
Yeah. I saw that on your IG.
Are you Spanish or do you just speak it?
- Nobody's Spanish mami.
Spanish is just the language.
I'm Dominican and there's
some Asian in me too.
I just don't really know the specifics.
My dad was killed when I was young.
so I never got to know him
or his side of the family.
Originally I'm from Miami.
but like half the people in this town.
I moved out here to
pursue fame and fortune.
- It was just-
- I'm not gonna lie.
My first thought was to pimp Si Si.
but after hearing her story.
I wanted more for the girl.
I'm sorry to hear that.
It's okay. my mom been through hell
so she couldn't wait to get to heaven.
Anyways. I started working
little jobs to pay the rent.
and when I tell you I was this close
to starting an OnlyFans.
Well look at that. it's demon time.
Si Si was a fast learner.
If I ain't know any better.
I would think she been doing this shit.
Her game was top tier too.
She had a way with niggas.
she spoke their language.
Fucking literally. Hook line and sinker.
Planting ourselves at
the right happy hours
led to invitations to
the right car reveals.
- It looks like I'm
finally getting on Oscar nod.
I saw that congratulations.
- Hey man. congrats on
that new round of funding.
- Ah. thanks man. we're
gonna fucking kill that IPO.
My Guy. what's up.
- What's happening?
- When's the new album coming?
- Real soon. but you know I'm
dropping it as an NFT. right?
Oh. smart move.
Now you keep thinking like that.
you'll actually be able to afford
one of these bitches one day.
And those car reveals
led to the right art auctions.
- And a million
two on the phone now.
a million two.
coming in a million three
at the back of the room.
at a million three.
- It was as simple
as leading a horse to water.
- But Si Si
wasn't the type to dream.
Nah. she gonna bottle
that shit up and sell it.
Sold.
After four months of us
being in all the right places.
Si Si and I racked up quite a
few rich and famous friends.
and one of them just happened
to be acting fucking royalty.
- Next thing I
know I'm on major blogs.
Si Si was given a modeling contract.
and I was booking goddamn
TV show appearances.
Celess Mitchell.
Oh. turn this up. I love her.
- See you. beautiful
as always. please have a seat.
Definitely.
- So tell me how does it
feel to be the new it girl?
Honestly. I'm just happy to be here.
- Yeah. I love her too.
- So excited.
No. but seriously. thank you Celess.
I dreamt of shit like this my whole life.
got abused. used. and played.
trying to chase this shit.
and all it took was a real ass bitch
to come walking in my store
that day eight months ago.
I owe you my life Celess that's real talk.
Ya zaddy calling.
Si Si was doing what she loved.
and I was doing who I loved.
Hello.
But our biggest flex was
presenting at a major award show.
My publicist and our team
pulled some crazy strings
to make that happen.
- Okay we need to put a
motherfucking pep in our step.
Listen. y'all have carpet
at three o'clock sharp.
Not 3:01. not 3:02. and
Gerald where's Si Si?
I don't know. let me call her.
- Okay you're all set.
you can go get your dress-
Where you at. Vicky's about to lose it.
Oh perfect. thank you.
She's walking up right now.
- Right now? Right now's
too motherfucking late.
Hola. hola!
Dios mio mami. I love this dress.
- And I love my job. I
need you in glam right now.
before I fucking lose it.
- And your job love you too.
Vicky. it ain't going nowhere.
- Listen.
- Gerald?
This is your moment bitch.
you kiss the right ass tonight.
you'll never have to suck dick again.
I got my lips puckered bitch.
- Si Si. Celess. you ladies
look absolutely stunning.
Celess we know who you're wearing.
but Si Si tell us who
are you wearing tonight?
- I'm wearing for-
- Look at this shit.
- Oh my God. I love
it. You look beautiful.
- This nigga done took
his act to Lalaland.
Um. excuse me.
How the hell do you say get a room
in whatever language it is y'all speaking?
- Hey. y'all mind if I
steal her for a second?
- Please do. she's cock
blocking like shit right now.
Yo congratulations too. man.
Let's play a game.
What kind of game?
Truth or dare.
Okay.
Why you seem so scared all of a sudden?
You got some truths you
don't want to reveal?
- Maybe there's just some
dares that I wouldn't dare do.
We'll see about that.
All right. I'm gonna go first.
- Cool?
- Cool.
Is it true that you were born
on the same day as Donald Trump Jr.?
- Honestly. I don't know
what day that nigga was born.
- Come on. on New Year's
Eve just like you.
but that was just a test.
see if you would be honest.
I hate this fucking game.
It looks like our enemies are friends.
Find me location and I'll make sure
you have a five star stay here.
- Is it true that your
favorite color is blue?
- Well. turquoise. but
that's close enough.
- Turquoise. turquoise is blue
with a fucking filter man.
- Turquoise.
- Okay.
All right. all right. all right my turn.
Is it true that your middle name is Carter
because your mom wanted
to name you after Jay-Z?
Hell no. my name ain't no damn Carter
and my mom's ain't no groupie. all right?
So what is your middle name?
- That. that's information
I only disclose at the altar
or on my death bed.
Oh. and speaking of
altar. this one's a dare.
Celess. I dare you to say yes.
I want you to be my
leading lady in real life.
I love Shaun. yeah.
but I wasn't sure I
was ready to marry him.
but for the sake of being
done with this damn game...
- Everybody. it's happening.
Get into your position.
- She said. yes y'all.
You better work bitch.
All right I have one more dare.
What?
I dare you to marry me tonight.
Do it. do it. do it. do it.
- This was
happening way too fast.
everything was a blur.
but then it became clear.
This is what my sis always wanted for me.
so I had to say yes.
Something new.
- Something old. and as in
old I do mean vintage bitch.
And then we have something borrowed.
- Wow.
- Oh my God. babe.
I know this isn't the necklace
your mom wore when she won her Oscar.
- Yeah. I seen how
mesmerized you were looking
at it in the pictures.
I just. I knew it had to be yours.
- Aww.
- Something blue. y'all.
- Shaun Archibald Simon.
- Archibald?
We at the alter. ain't we?
- Do you take Celess Mitchell
to be your wedded wife?
I definitely do.
- Celess. do you take Shaun
to be your wedded husband?
Yes I do.
- I now pronounce
you husband and wife.
you may kiss your bride.
Luckily this wouldn't be
our first time having sex
because the first time was horrible.
He almost clocked me bitch.
I hadn't dilated for
like a week beforehand
and I was paying for it.
It felt like my fucking
hole was closing up.
The pain was unbearable.
- Celess what's wrong?
- I had to think fast.
Shit. what would Tina say?
- Sis. that's easy. tell him you're a-
Virgin?
You mean to tell me I took Celess.
who's on every man's wishlist virginity?
Shit. I'm fucking luckier than I thought.
The second time was no better.
even though I came prepared.
Not only did I dilate
every day leading up to it.
but I also lubricated.
What I wasn't prepared for
was the depth of my new damn vagina.
It couldn't accommodate Shaun.
Something ain't right Celess.
Fuck. Tina. I need you bitch.
What now sis?
You do realize that Google's
your best friend. right?
- Tell him-
- I had surgery down there
when I was a teenager and it
made things a bit complicated.
I'm sorry baby.
Come here.
- The third time
though. that was the charm.
Wake up.
Oh my God. babe.
I can't believe I still
have this necklace on.
Yeah well I was trying to take it off
while you were asleep.
but you wouldn't part ways with it.
Babe. why are you fully dressed?
Where are you going?
- 'Bout to go get some
breakfast. I'm starving.
You don't have to do all that.
I'll cook us something.
No wonder you married me so quick.
one more night as a bachelor.
you probably would've starved to death.
- A nigga ain't buy the
Titanic diamond for nothing.
My life depended on it. be right back.
Hello?
Do your Hollywood friends
know you hiding a dick
up under that dress?
Who the hell is this?
- Nah. see the better question
is what fuck the do I want?
I want 20 grand. I'm gonna send
you some green dot numbers.
You got seven days.
I mean seven days for 20
grand to hit the account.
or you're gonna be in a blog
for a whole 'nother reason.
- Really Khalil. you
killed the only person
I had in this entire world.
and now you're trying
to extort me for money.
You better be lucky I let
you fucking live bitch.
Oh. you let me live.
See. I would say you grew a pair of balls.
but we both know you
had 'em the whole time.
Now check it out. there's a nigga in here
way more out of his mind than me.
and to be honest. the
nigga wants you ghosted.
but I thought about it.
And now that you got this newfound fame.
I figure you're worth way
more alive and living it up.
So like I said. you got seven days
and that's me letting you
live. you fucking punk.
It's the audacity for me.
Nigga. you killed my sis in my house.
then pulled the trigger on me.
and you got the nerve to call
my phone and try to tax me.
talking about some nigga
want me ghosted. the fuck?
What nigga could that be?
But your lying trying to
scare me into cutting a check.
But would he really do some
hoe shit and go to the blogs?
Shit. he ain't got nothing to lose.
fuck around and come up
off that little 15 minutes.
Meanwhile all the
relationships I built out here.
what they just come crashing down?
What about Si Si?
Shit she might be blackballed
just for fucking with me.
All her dreams down the fucking shit hole.
and Shaun. Shaun would never
look at me the same again.
Fuck. the industry won't
look at him the same.
He could lose his career because of me.
What now God. huh? What
do you want from me now?
I thought I paid the fucking price.
What more do you fucking want from me?
Now you going too far.
You want that man to come home
and see you dead in his place.
Celess. now you know that man loves you.
Don't scar him like that.
especially not over goddamn Khalil.
Baby.
Baby. baby?
- H-hello?
Si Si.
You spoke to Celess today?
No. why? What's wrong?
- Hello 9-1-1
what's your emergency please?
Hi I came home and my girl. my.
I'm sorry. my wife is missing.
It looks like somebody
might have broken in.
How old is your wife. sir?
She's 24.
- Did you two have any
disagreements lately?
No. no. no. no.
The crazy thing is we just
got married last night.
I had a big party here. everybody
seen me give her a ring.
- There was mad people here.
- Okay.
- Plus there's a very
rare and expensive chain
that's broken all over my place.
Was there forced to entry?
- Look. just get somebody
here quick please.
All right. we have an officer
en route to you. sir.
What's your first and last name?
Si Si. what the hell are you doing here?
- You tell me Celess
because I was just fine.
laid up under an Emmy winner.
about to get more in
touch with my Asian side.
when Shaun called me asking
in a panic. might I add.
have I spoken to you today?
- Si Si. I fucked up.
- How. what did you do?
- Keep it together. sis.
tell her you got cold feet.
- That lie could
work. but for how long?
- Celess. baby.
Celess are you in there?
Bitch. he thinks you were kidnapped.
Celess. you gotta tell
him. he'll understand.
Trust it's better than letting
him think you were kidnapped.
he's probably going through it right now.
I know. but I broke his mom's necklace.
I don't wanna break his heart too.
I just need a few days to figure it out.
- Well. can we go to a
hotel for those few days?
So we not just sitting around
in silence. a bitch is hungry.
- What hotel we gonna walk into
without getting recognized?
I got somewhere we can go.
- And the guy who's
letting us stay here again.
how do you know him?
I told you before the boutique.
I dog sat for some important people.
Well how important do
you have to be to have a.
what the hell is this?
- An underground bunker. all
the rich people have 'em.
And serial killers.
Gotta stop doing that shit. sis.
You good Celess?
What they got to eat?
Celess. mami. these blogs tried it.
What the fuck.
What?
No. no.
Celess. you good?
This is not the time to be throwing up.
this is the time to be throwing down.
So you need to come out here
so we can clap the fuck back.
Vicki's calling me. you know she got wind.
You want me to answer it?
Shit Shaun's calling me.
Celess.
That goddamn Khalil.
you need to get your publicist
on the phone right now
and have them shut that
story down immediately.
Sis. what I'm gonna do?
What do you mean what are you gonna do?
You about to come out the
bathroom and address this shit.
Listen. do you trust her?
Well. let's put her ass to the test.
Tell her the truth. if shit goes south.
bury that bitch in these woods.
and if she stands tall. y'all
call the publicist together.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Oh shit. it's Shaun.
- Oh my God Vicki. what
you gonna tell him?
I'll figure out something.
Just drop your pin.
and don't do or say shit 'til I get there.
- Hello?
- Vicky.
Is there any truth to this shit?
And where the fuck is
Celess at with my ring?
So what are you gonna do about Shaun?
And don't don't tell me you don't know
because it's your job to know.
- Shaun. you don't sound
too good. you straight bro?
Speaking of straight Vicki.
do me a solid and give
it to me just like that.
don't sprinkle your sugar on this shit.
put your. put your spin on it.
just tell me the real.
The real about what Shaun?
- The shit in the blogs
about Celess come on. Vicki.
Don't act like you don't know.
'cause like I said. it's your job to know.
I don't know.
I don't know what I'm gonna do. period.
I didn't think this far ahead.
I honestly thought after surgery
shit like this would be behind me.
Can. Can I see?
I'm sorry too soon?
No bitch. too nosy.
How would you feel if
somebody randomly asked
- to see your pussy?
- Depend on who.
Listen. I'm sorry I'm just
trying to lighten the mood.
- You want another drink?
- Please?
- Shaun. you know you can't
be believing shit in the blogs
and I will tell you this
Celess has not been kidnapped
and I'm actually about to leave my office
to meet up with her right now.
and you'll be the first
person that I call.
So it must be true then. huh?
I didn't fucking say that.
you gotta be Picasso to be drawing up
those type of conclusions.
You also didn't say no. Shaun.
this shit is absolutely not fucking true.
Besides being lied to in
this business for so long.
I've. come to know 'em
when I fucking hear 'em.
My wife is a transsexual. my
wife is a fucking transsexual?
What does that make me. Vicki?
Shaun. are you by yourself?
Shaun?
Shaun!
Listen. just know I'm not tripping.
regardless of whatever
gender you were born as.
or hell what your mama named you.
you are Celess to me. my
friend. shit bitch my savior.
It must be Vicki.
Actor Shaun Simon was found
fatally shot in his Malibu
home less than 72 hours
after marrying rising
star Celess Mitchell.
police don't suspect foul play.
but an investigation is underway.
The Simon family is asking for privacy
during this time to mourn
the loss of their loved one.
We are certainly keeping
them in our thoughts.
and when we come back. Kanye
West is making headlines again.
Find out why.
Oh. so you ain't kidnapped after all.
- Fuck you coward. I hope
you drop the fucking soap.
- Damn.
- Listen here motherfucker.
a man just took his life
on account of what you did.
and I had to hear the shit.
Khalil. you said I had seven days.
You said I had seven fucking days.
First off put leashes on your bitches.
You and your bitch coming in hot today.
Hey. what's her name again?
Spicy? No. no Si Si.
Aye. aye. is she a nigga too?
And you had seven days
until you pulled this whole
little kidnapping stunt.
What?
- What you thought that was
gonna keep me from getting paid?
So wait. you thought.
you know what Khalil.
it don't even matter.
I'm guessing you got
your money from the blog.
so what calling me for?
- Nah. see. I didn't give
up enough information
for them to prove anything.
So for now ain't no payday.
but consider this shit a fucking warning.
This is fucked up.
Beyond fucked up.
Celess. baby. why you ain't
just tell me this from the jump.
You know. I wouldn't have judged you?
Plus I would've got you
way more opportunities. way more press.
and we wouldn't even be
in this chaos right now.
I know if I could rewind back time.
I would for Shaun's sake. at least.
- I say give the bastard
the measly 20 grand
and be done with his miserable ass.
that way Celess can focus on healing.
and we can get back to climbing
before we lose the momentum.
- Before we start even talking
about going to the safe.
Celess. do you think that he
would really go to the blogs?
Wouldn't that be like basically
exposing himself. right?
He could be bluffing.
Khalil shot me in my motherfucking head.
You know. he ain't one to bluff.
But I wouldn't even guess at it.
let the money do the talking
and shut that nigga up.
You can't pay that nigga either.
Extortion is about residual income.
you give him that measly 20 grand.
and next month he gonna want a
whole hundo. then half a mil.
He's gonna be like the motherfucking IRS.
the more you make. the more
he's gonna fucking take.
All right y'all look.
this is the man that killed my best friend
and then turned the gun on me.
He ain't bluffing.
but if I pay him.
it'll be like feeding a stray dog.
He just gonna keep coming back for more.
So what you gonna do Celess?
That nigga gotta die period.
and that's on my motherfucking soul.
My job is crisis management.
so if there's a crisis
then I'm gonna manage it.
And listen I'm if doing
what you gotta do was a fucking person.
It is what it is.
Let's give this nigga his flowers.
get my Philly bitch on the line.
- Yeah. but typically we
charged like 40 bands.
but Tina was like family.
right before our peoples got killed.
So we gonna do this
one for 50%. I got you.
Give me a few days.
- She said give her a few
days and it'll get handled.
and get this she want the same
shit this nigga asking for.
You need to book a flight to Philly.
That does not sound too smart.
it's gonna sound like you running.
- She gotta make the
payment in person in cash.
- That wouldn't be too good
for optics. I'm telling you.
can't she either send it like Zelle
- or fucking Cash App?
- Those are traceable.
The only untraceable way
to send money digitally
is through crypto.
Did you ever buy that
Ethereum. like I told you?
I can't keep up with that shit.
- It don't matter. either way
you need to go see this girl.
She's about to have information on you
that could put you in
jail for a long time.
and shit us too for that matter.
- This bitch got some
skeletons in her casket.
- It's closet. sis.
- What'd you say?
- She said positive
sis. meaning I'm right.
Well at least fly private.
we need to keep a low. low profile.
She can't fly with more than 10 grand
on a commercial flight anyways
without it raising red flags.
Damn. the cheapest charter is 30.000.
- 30.000. between that and
the 20 I gotta give old girl
that's half of my fucking stash.
And don't forget about my overtime.
Damn Vicki.
- I love you to death. but
these ain't no regular fires.
Shit. hell ain't got nothing on the fires
that I'm about to put out.
I get it. not even favors are free.
Look. I can contribute.
- I'm so sick and tired of
this petty ass conversation
over this small money.
Celess think who do you know
spends this kind of money on fucking lunch
and want Khalil ass in the
ground just as much as we do.
- Now you're sure this is
not gonna come back on me.
I can afford anything.
but I can't afford being linked to this.
Derrek. I'll take the charge myself
before I let your name get
caught up in this. trust me.
I take your word for it.
So you must be Celess.
And you must be fucking crazy.
Celess.
this is Sasha.
Celess. what you mad about?
Girl it's okay if he move on.
But with fish though?
Who is she talking to?
- Now you know. we have way
bigger fish to fry don't we?
- I'm sorry. sweetheart.
she's been through a lot.
- Tina was right.
instead of catching feelings.
I needed to be catching a flight.
You want something to drink?
We got Pepsi. Kool-Aid. little Tito's.
You got water?
You look a little different in person.
I mean. in a good way.
you know bitches be
looking good as shit on TV
and be ugly as shit in
person. know what I mean?
Well. how was your flight?
How was your private flight here. man?
Is it more bumpier on the
private or the regular jawns?
- You can feel the turbulence
more. but it was cool.
So how did you meet Tina?
I mean. was she Troy
or Tina when y'all met?
- She was Tina. we were
in the ninth grade.
she helped me transition.
Oh. that's what's up.
So you ready to take this
nut ass nigga off the board?
I'll be cashing in on this tonight.
Boy. fuck you.
Yo T it's lit baby. let's get it.
I got you.
- Hey. listen. let's
hope this your last trip
that you make out here. man.
'cause you coming in here
looking like Rihanna.
you gotta turn that drip down. baby.
This is Philly. this is not Hollywood.
Niggas will rob for your designer shoes
to that lace front on your head. you dig?
Okay good. so his people don't want it
to look like a suicide
just as much as we don't want
it to look like a suicide.
So the story is he was
simply cleaning off his gun
and it went off.
And as far as the marriage goes.
they never got around to
even filing the paperwork.
so we're all good there.
Is Celess to show up at the funeral?
- Absolutely. and Gerald
I'm gonna need for you
to make her look so good that nobody
could ever fathom that
she was a goddamn boy.
Can you do that?
Is a pig's pussy pork?
If I can't. there ain't a bitch that can.
- Alright gang let's
do some damage control.
Our father who art in heaven.
hallow be thy name.
You know what time it is. right?
Thy kingdom come.
You sure those cameras off up there?
Thy will be done.
Yeah. I turned 'em off myself.
Now quit questioning me
like it's your first rodeo.
On Earth as it is in heaven.
give us this day. our daily bread.
and forgive us. our trespasses.
as we forgive those who
trespass against us.
and lead us not into temptation.
but deliver us from evil
for thine is the kingdom.
- This is for Tina. bitch.
- The power
and the glory.
forever and ever amen.
A lot of people are saying
that she's giving trans women a bad name
making it seem like they all trick men.
and Celess's behavior.
well. it sets them back.
Like I'm not terrified that something
like this will happen to me.
This is how trans people die.
this is how trans people die.
Si Si. what the hell is going on?
That's what we trying to find out.
I got Vicki on the other line. hold on.
- Celess baby. your name
is all over every outlet.
big and small. like how did this happen?
I thought your folks was
taking care of everything.
- If I'm reading the
headlines right. they did.
Just a little too late. I guess.
Yeah my phone's been ringing nonstop.
I mean the LGBTYXY community
is up in fucking arms.
I don't know why. if there's anybody
that should understand
what Celess goes through
and hell been through it should be them.
Like. I don't have nothing
against the community.
but they gonna leave my friend alone.
No. we don't want no smoke with them.
and they have the right
to feel how they feel.
I mean. this does impact how
the world sees and treats them.
- You see that's why I
didn't want this to get out.
I don't want my story to be
the representation of all trans stories.
And that's gonna be our angle. okay?
Listen. I'm gonna get with the team.
I'm gonna have to re-strategize.
In the meantime I'm gonna
change your flight to Monday.
It's no way that you
could come back to LA.
To be honest. the press is gonna be
on every airline strip everywhere
from fucking here to San Diego.
and honestly we not ready for
that line of questions yet.
- Well. where is she
gonna go over the weekend.
because as soon as the hotel staff realize
that the girl all over the news
is the same bitch staying
in the presidential suite.
the local stations are
gonna get a phone call.
Y'all hold on. this is my other line.
and it's is a Philly number.
- Hello?
- Char- I mean.
Celess?
Mom?
Yeah.
- I kept my number
the same all these years
hoping my mom would reach out.
but I didn't want it to be
after she saw me dragged all
through the press though.
Honey. I need to lay eyes on you.
people want you dead like
they did your friend.
all of this I had to
find it out on the news.
I didn't even know Tina got killed.
I didn't even know that
you almost got killed.
Lord what kind of mother doesn't even know
that about her own child?
Please find your way back to me.
You need to be somewhere
that's safe. you hear me?
I'm gonna send you the address.
Okay.
Y'all that was my mom on the other line.
She wants me to come home.
so I might as well stay
with her before my flight.
- See how God works.
- Bet. now let me get to work.
- My baby. my baby?
- Mom. mom?
I'm so glad you're back.
- Celess Mitchell. you
need to come with us.
For the life of me.
I couldn't figure out why I was surprised.
Everybody knows a zebra never
changes it's fucking stripes.
He killed one of mine
and then he bragged about
it to a motherfucking blog?
Shit. he deserves worse.
and I pray to Satan that he gets it.
- Wow your guardian
angels work at God speed.
It looks like the person
that killed Khalil Allen has confessed.
so we no longer need you for
questioning Ms. Mitchell.
You're free.
- Those words
played in my mind on repeat.
and all I ever wanted.
- Three. two. one.
- Hello. everyone.
Was for them to be true.
First. I would like to start
this off by saying. sorry.
sorry to the LGBTQ
community. my community.
I failed you.
and it's because society has failed me.
has failed us for too long.
we've been forced to hide our true selves
from people who are not like us
in fear that they would disown us.
displace us. dishonor us.
or completely destroy us.
Now I'm not here pointing fingers
without acknowledging the one
that's pointed back at me.
I perpetuated a stereotype
out of desperation.
but continued out of selfishness.
and when that led to the
murder of my best friend
I knew I had to change.
but I didn't realize that the change
wasn't just on the outside.
If I wanted bad things to
stop reoccurring in my life.
the change had to start from the inside
and that change starts now.
It starts with me accepting
the trans woman that I am.
and I expect. no I demand.
I demand that you all
accept us for who we are.
All lesbians. all bisexuals.
all gays. all nonconforming people.
accept us all for who the fuck we are.
and accept us for who
we love. respectfully.
- Respectfully! I know
that's right. yup.
Thank you.
Sis. you did that.
For a minute. I was nervous.
especially when you went off script.
but it was powerful though.
and you turned that
acceptance thing back on them.
Bitch I shed two tears. not one but two.
Vicki. how you think it went. Vicki?
Oh. I'm sorry y'all.
I was getting a ton of interview requests.
- Well. Si Si that should
tell you exactly how it went.
- Get down!
- Oh!
- Gerald. call 9-1-1!
Celess. Si Si.
y'all get out of here
before the press come.
But what about Vicki?
- We will get her to
the hospital. y'all go.
He's right y'all.
Vicki wouldn't want this to
overshadow the press conference.
- Go home.
- Si Si. let's go. let's go.
Fuck. that motherfucking Khalil.
I bet you it was a revenge plot.
Just like he gave me up to the blogs.
he arranged this shit.
That wasn't Khalil's work.
- Naw. sis somebody in that
damn prison told him something.
- Celess listen to me.
- They had to!
- That right there had
nothing to do with Khalil.
Celess I gotta tell you something.
Here come them damn skeletons.
A few years ago.
Why you asking me about your father?
He's not here. I am.
I'm the one that afforded
all these luxuries.
I'm the one that paid for
your language lessons.
I'm the one that allowed
you to travel the world.
All for your own benefit.
so you could get top dollar for me.
It's why you took me in
the first place. isn't it?
So you could raise me to
be your biggest earner.
like a goddamn race horse.
- Speaking about high horses.
you ain't on yours now.
You killed my father. didn't you?
You killed my father and took
me from my mother. didn't you?
- And if I did the fuck
you gonna do about it?
So what did you do about it?
- Listen. I'm gonna need
another set of documents
for my mom. for when I
find her. and 250 grand.
Documents won't be a problem.
but a quarter million dollars.
that's a lot to drain from the agency.
Do you understand?
We're gonna have to start
our lives over from scratch.
I'm really not asking for enough.
I should be asking for double.
Okay. I'll get you the 250.
Now this man has trafficked
thousands of young girls
for almost two decades.
Let's just get this
monster off the streets.
- Okay. so your guys
might wanna be careful
because he usually has guys outside
that patrol the whole situation.
- Nyla. how is she?
- She's gone.
They killed her.
Celess you need to listen to me.
Chatman is dangerous and powerful.
and as soon as he finds out I survived.
he's coming after me.
That sounds like a personal problem
that ain't got shit to do with you.
Drop her off and take your ass home.
Shit Si Si. what you gonna do?
Google what time it is in Rome?
- Rome as in Italy?
- Yes.
You know that bunker we stayed in?
That didn't belong to a guy I dog sat for.
it belongs to a friend of
mine who stays in Rome.
and he's the only one I know
that can match Chatman's energy.
and at this point I gotta
fight power with power.
Shit Si Si. what are you into?
And it's like 6:00 AM over there.
Shit I hope he's up.
- Ciao.
- Andrew. Ciao.
It's me. Si Si.
I hate to call you like this.
but I need a favor much
bigger than the last one.
Ah Si Si my dear. what is it?
- I need to get out of the
country. Chatman found me.
That's impossible. he got 42 years.
He's going to die in prison.
That's what I thought.
but he just shot and
killed a friend of mine.
and I know people like to
think bullets have no names.
but that one definitely had my name on it.
I need to get outta here. quick.
- Shit. are you still in LA?
- Yes.
- Okay. listen I'm gonna
call up my pilot out there.
Okay. you go get some somewhere safe.
if you need to go back
to the bunker. do it.
I'll call you back.
Okay thank you. Andrew.
I guess you're going to Rome.
- And honestly. Celess.
you should come with me.
Let things die down some.
let the cops catch up to Chatman.
because I know he didn't get
no get outta jail free card.
knowing him he done fucking escaped.
and then once he's back
in custody. we come back.
- Again we don't have
details on who has been shot
or if it was fatal yet.
but there has been a shooting
in downtown Los Angeles
involving Celess Mitchell and her team.
This immediately following
her groundbreaking press conference.
- Hello?
- Celess.
Where are you. and. and are you okay?
I just saw you on the news.
I'm not okay. Derrek. no. but I'm alive.
- Did this have anything to do with-
- I'll talk to you about it
in person. can I come by?
Sure. of course.
Hey. it's your mother.
I understand why you
wouldn't answer my call.
but I just wanna make
sure that you're okay.
Please. please be okay Celess.
please.
Oh my God.
Please be okay.
You go ahead sis. I'm gonna stay here.
I think I'll be okay.
and plus I need to be
here for Gerald and Nyla.
Exactly.
Look. if you change your mind
in the next couple hours
meet me at Van Nuys.
I'm texting you the tail number.
it takes off at 11 okay?
And be safe
and give Gerald and Nyla
a tight hug for me. okay?
And let them know I'm so sorry.
- So I didn't know if I
should go with her or-
Right.
Oh.
Celess it's not what you think.
Michael reached out to me
after everything blew up
and he wanted to come out to
LA to make things right by you.
He came out here to give you his support.
Celess don't worry.
I got everything off my
chest the last time we spoke.
and I've been regretting it ever since.
Remember when you told me
that the person I loved
was still right here.
Well. is that still the case?
- How I had any tears
left was a mystery to me.
but trust. these were happy tears.
Someone's at the door. you two connect.
make yourselves at home.
I'll be right back.
Walk up.
James. what. what are you doing here?
Go sit over there with your friends.
What did I say Celess?
What did I say was gonna happen to you
if I ever saw your ass again.
James. you said. if you ever saw me out.
if I ever looked in your direction.
you didn't see me out.
you came to me. you came to where I-
- Well what the fuck you
thought was gonna happen
when you put a hit out on my brother. huh?
You thought I wasn't gonna
come see you about this?
James I swear to God.
I had nothing to do with
Khalil being killed.
So it was all just a coincidence. huh?
The day before my brother's
throat gets slashed.
he calls me saying that
anything happen to him
to forward these goddamn emails.
Emails ain't doing nothing
but exposing your ass. Celess.
- So you're the one who
outed me to the blogs?
Me out you?
Nah. outing you would
be like outing myself.
Obviously I ain't the only one
that received that phone call.
James Allen. right?
Look. you play for the Lakers.
You don't have to do this. man.
Shut the fuck up.
- Oh. you gonna have to
kill them all now baby bro.
- Celess. Derrek keeps a gun
in the cushion of the couch.
Every last one of them.
- Sis. what time does
that plane leave to Rome?
Thank you.
Si Si. I fucked up.
I fucked up.
- You get the head.
I'll get the legs. okay?
- Okay. gotcha.
- Ready?
Listen
I understand
if you don't want me
to go with you anymore.
I mean. I'm sure what you're doing.
helping me flee or whatever
is against the law.
- Celess stop I meant it when
I said I owe you my life.
So no matter what happens.
we are in this shit together.
I got you. you hear me?
Now try your best to get some rest.
That's my cue.
you don't need me anymore sis.
you got everything you need
in that one right there.
This whole time I'm thinking
you gonna find unconditional love.
and I'm thinking it's
gonna be from a nigga.
but who's to say it can't be from a bitch.
long as she's solid.
Now I might not be going with you to Rome.
but you gonna see me again.
- I love you. sis.
- I love you too. sis.
- Always.